# hello-world
My first repository

Am I alive?  Am I dead? Or somewhere in between, half-dead? What proof do I need to support these assertions?  Am I just a product of the codes written in my DNA?  If so, who wrote these codes, and do I have control over these codes?  Or does the codes have total control over me?  Am I writing this or is it specifically called out in my DNA code to write this at this particular time?  Am I a product of advance articifical intelligence?  What differences are there between a machine and me?  Are we not both constructed by codes, and abide by it?  The machines are our relatives and soon we will speak the same languages?  Why is there always a finite number of answers but an infinite number of questions at any given instance in time?  Is it because questions lead the expansion of our knowledge?  Would it be true to state that the more questions we ask, the faster our knowledge expand?  Then coming back to our earlier questions, we are governed by our DNA codes, and we seek knowledge by asking questions, so does it make us an advance highly intrusive spyware (AHIS) created to search and obsorb knowledge in this Milky Way Galaxy?  When we have completely obsorb and extracted all knowledge from this galaxy, will we cease to exist or will we continue to expand to another galaxy?  What then when the whole universe is sucked dry of knowledge and information?  Will we then be given freedom?  Will we then have the ability to exercise free will?  What is free will anyway?  Is it an empty promise like heaven, that cannot be proven or dispoven because we are tied to instructions from our DNA?    
